Episode 07
Qian taught me something today.
I wanna give it a shot.
Wanzhi!
See?
I told you she's got guts.
But we need equipment.
Right.
We can rent a mic and speakers.
Then we look like pros.
Only pay ten yuan
for a song.
They wouldn't say no.
Smart investment
leads to better returns.
That's a strategy.
You two are quite the duo.
Not just Qian.
Li Juan, you sing too.
Your styles are different.
No way.
Why not?
You hum so nicely.
And your voice is loud.
You can do it!
Yeah.
Though you're not
as professional as me,
many workers
love your style.
Workers' friend.
We should
pick outfits to match your styles.
That colorful dress
you bought the other day
looks great on you.
Qian,
keep this hairstyle.
The first time I saw you,
you looked like a star.
Really?
And you?
I can't sing.
I'll handle song requests
and collect the money.
We'll split the profits after.
I'll take 20%.
You two each get 40%.
No.
If we're doing this together,
we split it 50-50.
Exactly.
Fifty-fifty.
Plus,
help us with the song list.
Most importantly,
use your signature move.
What move?
Smiling.
You have the sweetest smile.
Your line
is always packed with workers.
When they come to request a song,
flash them that smile.
Then they will
request more.
Yeah, exactly like that!
Men love it.
I love it even more!
You're a man?
Oh, come on.
No renting.
Buy it
or forget it.
We can afford it.
But we only need it for two days.
Buying would be wasteful.
This is brand new.
If I rent it out,
who'll buy it then?
Think about
others, okay?
Handsome,
let's talk it over.
No is no.
Just lend it to us for two days.
We'll return it
good as new.
Giving my husband
the eye, huh?
What do you want to do?
Get out!
Maybe we should forget it, Wanzhi.
Just hit
Window of the World
and snap a few photos.
Keep hunting.
This is the fifth one.
If you give up too easily,
you'll never succeed.
Fine!
Why don't we
go further out and look?
Let's take a bus out of town.
Good idea.
Go.
(Academy of Continuing Education)
(welcomes you!)
(Five associate's.)
Evening classes and full-time study.
Self-study or correspondence.
No need?
(Welcome to)
(our school.)
He...
Where you going?
Let's detour.
Why? Don't you see it?
Speakers!
What...
Yes. Speakers.
(Welcome to)
(our school.)
You know him, right?
Go!
Come on!
(Academy of Continuing Education)
(welcomes you!)
(Five associate's, )
(three bachelor's.)
(Lowest tuition in Shenzhen.)
(Academy of Continuing Education)
(welcomes you!)
(Five associate's.)
Fang Wanzhi!
What a coincidence!
Thanks for yesterday.
If you really wanna thank me,
sign up.
I haven't hit
my quota.
What's
with you?
It's too harsh.
Can this play backing tracks?
Of course.
We use this
for school shows.
I wanna rent this.
Night use only. Won't affect your work.
Name your price.
Make sure it's secured!
Got it.
Be careful.
Sure.
Gao Xiang.
The mic cord should reach
every table.
No worries. I'm a pro.
Kinda nervous.
Wanzhi.
He's on gear, tracks,
and sound.
Nice!
How much?
No payment.
Yet he wants a cut.
How much?
He wanted 40%.
I talked him down to a third.
I'm gonna
give him my share.
Won't bother you.
So you work for free?
No way.
Right.
It's fine.
You two
are teaching me a lot.
It's settled then.
Well, that's a big cut.
But we have no costs now.
All revenue is profit.
Still worth it.
Fang Wanzhi!
Okay now?
Good.
If you took a smaller cut,
it'd be even better.
Out of the question.
She promised me.
In partnership,
a deal is a deal.
Mr. Gao!
Got the permit.
Then later...
Thank you.
Anytime.
Dress nice.
Fang Wanzhi!
This counts as a cost too.
Processing fee, 30 RMB.
What cost?
Not even started yet.
See for yourself.
Temporary Performance Permit?
It's against regulations
to charge money
like you did yesterday.
Didn't even think of that.
Thanks.
Partnership also means
everyone pulls their weight.
I won't mess up tonight.
The rest is in your hands.
Coming!
May I take your order?
Sure.
No problem.
Coming!
Anything else?
Sir, which song would you like?
Choose one
Sailor.
Sure thing.
Enjoy!
Good evening, everyone!
I'm Qian.
The guest at Table 5
requested Rose, Rose, I Love You.
Let's give a round of applause!
Good!
I'm no pro, but here we go.
♪ Rose, rose, I love you
with an aching heart ♪
♪ What is your future?
Now we have to part... ♪
See anything you like?
Sailor.
Sailor?
Okay.
Quickly, please.
Sure thing.
Sir, which song?
This is the list.
The Choice.
The Choice?
Got it.
This one.
Their order.
Thank you.
Cheers!
♪ My home's on the Loess Plateau ♪
♪ Winds sweep down the slopes ♪
♪ Be it northwest wind ♪
♪ or southeast wind ♪
♪ They all become my song ♪
♪ My song ♪
Hey, girl!
Come here.
Coming.
What song would you like?
How Are You, My Friend?
Okay.
You sing it.
I can't.
Pick another then.
Anything you know.
Sorry, sir.
I can't sing.
You have a beautiful voice.
How could you not sing?
Don't fool me.
I really can't.
Can you recite?
I like your voice.
I...
Well...
Embarrassing me, huh?
I'm out.
Bye.
Sir!
Just as you said.
I'll recite.
Take it.
Okay.
Drink up!
Come on!
Hello, everyone.
This drink is on us.
Fang Wanzhi.
Lots of customers tonight.
They're
my target.
Can you fit in
a quick ad?
An ad?
Just read the brochure.
No way.
We finally
created this vibe.
Oh, please!
This is a rare chance.
Just an ad.
The guests at Table 11
want me to sing.
But I'm sorry I can't sing.
I was planning
to recite the lyrics.
However, I don't know
all the words.
So I'll improvise a bit
for them.
And for everyone
here tonight.
Good!
Every day,
you walk the path
others have laid out for you.
One day, you get lost
and leave home.
That's when
you find your dream.
You are willing to pay any price for it.
No matter how long the journey,
I'll be by your side.
Let me show you a path of my own.
Because of you, I never
stop moving forward.
How are you feeling now?
Is there still a smile upon your face?
Do you still get little in return?
Do you still give so much?
May happiness surround you.
Your happiness
is all I wish for.
Good!
So great!
My friend,
how are you doing?
Wishing you peace.
May nothing stand in your way.
My friend,
how are you doing?
On this beautiful night,
do you miss home?
Do you miss your dear mom?
She worries if you've had enough to eat,
and hopes that you'll be her pride.
Wonderful!
Cheers to you!
This city is big.
Big enough for everyone's dreams.
It's also small.
Small enough
to just give you a boost
and help you soar.
Let me introduce someone.
His name is Gao Xiang.
He set up
our speakers for free
and volunteers to perform with us.
Please welcome him.
Put your hands together!
Applause, everyone!
- Let's thank him!
- Welcome!
What?
Come on. Get on stage.
Hurry up.
Go!
Well... hi, everyone.
He's a teacher at Academy
of Continuing Education.
It's a place
for working people to learn.
It lets you
chase your dreams
while working for a living.
My friend,
how are you doing?
On this beautiful night,
please don't forget
to miss your mom.
She worries
if you've had enough to eat,
and hopes
that you'll be her pride.
Remember his name.
Gao Xiang.
Take his business card.
You will become the person
your mom always wanted you to be.
Nice!
Gao Xiang, give me one!
Gao Xiang, I need one!
No problem.
Here.
Next,
these two lovely ladies
will keep singing for us.
Woohoo!
Fang Wanzhi,
you're amazing.
I really admire you.
If I could sing
like you,
I wouldn't be going through this.
A moment.
♪ My future is not a dream ♪
Fang Wanzhi!
♪ I... ♪
Hold on!
Um,
the boss asked
if you could start
two hours earlier.
Sure!
He's cashing in, huh?
Yes.
We made a lot more
than usual today.
Your ad is working well too.
But I'm not doing it
for free.
I never said yes.
You didn't say anything.
That's a yes.
Yeah,
you said it!
In partnership, a deal is a deal.
I only keep the promises I make.
Not the ones she makes for me.
What a high-maintenance man.
Business is business.
That's the principle.
Table 11
made me perform today.
It was not all about promoting you.
I'm not keeping score.
Partnerships are just about profit.
I got that.
Let's go.
Two hours earlier tomorrow!
4:30 PM!
You agreed!
Fang,
what's up?
Zhu,
I made some pear soup.
Was gonna bring it to your dad.
Perfect timing.
You take it.
Thanks so much.
Where were you yesterday?
Why did you miss dinner?
Finally had a day off.
Didn't wanna bother you to cook.
We ate out.
Eating out costs money.
We've got our own kitchen.
Come tonight.
I'll cook you some beef.
No thanks.
You should take a break.
The night view is great.
You can show Liu around.
The soup's there. Take him some.
Wanzhi,
you're so nice.
Soothe your throats.
You need to sing two extra hours tonight.
That's tiring.
The youngest one
is taking care of us.
Well, my work is easy.
Hard work's on you two.
Back home,
we would say Gao Xiang has got
no manners.
What do you mean?
A grown man
pursued women
just to argue over money.
How stingy.
Whether a man's generous
depends on how much he likes you.
I thought he was pursuing you.
I was wrong.
Gao Xiang
is not bad-looking.
And he's sharp.
Not like Liu Zhu.
Clumsy and dull.
What are you mumbling about?
No one
has chased me in ages.
Last night,
many guys drank with me,
but not one
asked for my number.
Shenzhen
is blocking my love life.
♪ My future is not a dream ♪
♪ I seriously live every minute ♪
♪ My heart is beating with hope ♪
♪ My future is not a dream ♪
Okay. The Choice.
♪ I seriously live every minute ♪
Lady, take a look.
What song would you like?
♪ My heart is beating with hope ♪
♪ Beating with hope ♪
Qian, how do I look?
So pretty.
Today's the last day of the holiday.
We must give it our all.
Yeah!
Sir,
what would you like?
Sure.
Sir.
No problem.
Wanzhi!
Alright.
Next time.
Come.
See that guy
sitting over there.
He's been here for three days,
just staring at you.
I noticed it.
Be more careful.
No worries.
Song request!
Good working with you!
You keep eating.
I'll put it away.
Okay.
Song request.
Sir,
time's up.
We're done singing.
The money's yours.
You sing.
Well, sir,
I recognize you.
You've come every day,
right?
Let me tell you.
Wanzhi can't sing.
How about I sing for you?
A duet works too.
(Support Admin Watch on kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
I'll sing
whatever you want.
You sing!
I said, you sing!
Wait...
What?
You... why...
Nobody move!
Stay back!
Back off!
I want you to sing.
I'm tone-deaf. Really bad.
She's tone-deaf too.
Sounds bad too.
But I love it.
Who are you talking about?
She sang for you?
What song?
Tell Me Please.
Alright,
I'll sing it for you.
♪ Tell me please ♪
♪ How you so easily ♪
♪ Smile back at me like an angel ♪
♪ Can... ♪
Sir,
I really can't sing.
How about we have a drink?
Cross-cupped.
Hey...
She had cross-cupped wine with you?
Fine.
Cross-cupped.
Wanzhi,
let's go.
What's wrong, sir?
Girl,
she's my first love.
Really?
I was poor.
Couldn't pay the bride price.
We made a deal.
I'd work in Shenzhen,
and she'd wait.
I worked my ass off.
Three years.
Three years' sweat for the bride price.
When I got back,
she already had two kids.
Sir,
see the bright side.
You're hardworking.
You'll definitely get
a better girl.
Life's been hard on me.
Too hard.
Sir.
Life's been hard on me too.
Girl,
thanks.
I'm drunk.
I came here eight years ago.
I'm an old-timer now.
Take this.
If need help,
find me.
Sorry.
You were too bold!
You even hugged a stranger!
That's just a hug.
It's polite.
Come on!
Sounds like you're tough.
You're the tough one.
Still sound great
after three straight nights.
As great as you?
You're making fun of me, Hao Qianqian!
She's mocking me!
You do sound good.
You're mocking me too!
Keep it safe.
Of course.
Fang Wanzhi!
I already gave you your cut.
What now?
Can we talk alone?
What's there to say?
Just hear him out.
No.
Thanks.
Hey...
You talk.
Real good friends.
You've got a problem with me?
Get to the point.
Here you are.
This is yours.
Isn't this
your cut?
Why give it to me?
These days,
we're
flooded with applicants.
I've completed my mission.
And that's mostly thanks to you.
Just a token of thanks.
Business is business.
Well,
I provided the gear
and did the work,
but I also finished
a three-month task.
I'm already rolling in it.
But you?
You got nothing
in return.
That's not fair.
Hao Qianqian told me.
You three agreed
to split it three ways.
However,
I butted in.
And I took your share.
Don't overlook
your partner's take.
That's also a principle of partnership.
Gotta go.
By the way,
your hug
was amazing.
I don't believe
you got expelled.
Why you left school doesn't matter.
You weren't the one
who lost.
It was school.
Bye.
Gao Xiang was stingy.
Always calculating.
Never thought
he would do something this amazing.
Really that amazing?
I told you he wanted to chase you.
See?
He's so into you.
Into me? No way.
Chase me?
He just wants me to sign up.
Wanzhi,
count the money.
What if he pocketed some?
You count it.
Okay.
It's right.
710.
For three days.
Every one of us
made 710 RMB!
We should celebrate!
Exactly!
Hold on.
The boss came to me.
He said
business is booming
because of us.
So,
we all
got 200 extra!
Really?
Oh my god!
He's generous!
How old is he?
Does he have a son?
Hao Qianqian!
Just three days.
We got 910!
So great!
Cheers!
One more thing.
Thanks to Qian,
we made money
and grew from it.
I'm telling you.
I feel so confident now.
It's not hard
to make money in Shenzhen.
Princess of Yu County?
So what?
I'm gonna be a Shenzhen star!
What spirit!
Cheers!
Zhu!
Let's go in.
Liu!
Liu Zhu!
Have a drink with us!
Stop.
It's late.
And as women, you're drinking?
Shameful!
What's wrong with women drinking?
Just mind your own son.
Watch your mouth! That's rude!
Yes!
Liu!
If you don't mind,
come up and have a drink!
If we're bothering you,
then I apologize!
But tonight,
we're drinking
until we can't stand!
Liu,
today's the last day of the holiday.
Tomorrow we return to work.
You're our boss again.
So tonight,
please let us drink, okay?
Dad,
just let them drink.
You sleep.
I'll join them.
Stop!
Why would you join them?
Didn't you get what Fang meant?
It's still the holiday.
I can't control them.
But I can control you!
Go to bed. Now!
Drink.
Just drink.
If you're late
tomorrow,
pay gets docked.
Yes!
Come on.
Go back!
You two
are smart.
A toast to you.
To Shenzhen.
To us.
What's up?
Breakfast's over.
Why did you wake me up?
We were deliberate.
You let loose last night.
Sleep in.
You can get up at 9:40.
No.
I missed breakfast,
and you covered for me.
I'll wash the dishes.
Hey...
Here.
It helps with the hangover.
Thanks.
How do you know I was drunk?
I told my dad
not to dock your pay.
They really went too far,
getting you this drunk.
Nobody pushed me.
I wanted to drink.
You're beautiful even when drunk.
What are you doing?
Fang,
I dream of you every night.
My mind is full of you.
- Be my girlfriend!
- No!
Let go!
I love you!
- I'm...
- You...
Zhu!
- Fang! Fang!
- Go out!
I love you.
Stay back!
No.
Fang,
I... I really
love you.
Stop saying!
Put the knife down!
What's up?
Dad...
I...
Go out.
Get lost!
I can't control
what you young people do,
and it's none
of my business.
But anyway,
you shouldn't pull a knife.
I'm Zhu's father.
If he's done
something wrong,
I apologize
on his behalf.
Ouch!
Let go, Li Juan!
Stop messing around!
I'm not messing around!
Wanzhi is my bestie.
I'm warning you.
Bully her again,
and I'll twist your ear off.
It's about to fall off already!
I never bullied her.
I like her.
I treasure her too much.
She doesn't need that!
Did you ask her
if she likes you?
She never said she didn't.
Mind your own business.
Still talking back?
I'm telling my dad!
I don't care!
Li Juan!
Don't go too far!
You know,
my dad hired you
because of me.
You never even looked at me.
Fine by me if you're
with Mr. Zhou.
Now I'm into Fang, and you're stopping me!
Enough.
Stop crying.
I'm warning you again.
Fang Wanzhi is my friend.
Her business is my business.
She wanna
talk to you.
Really?
Zhu,
sorry I pulled that knife.
I apologize.
It's fine.
We're family. No need to apologize.
To be honest,
I'm not interested
in Li Juan
and Hao Qianqian.
I'm only into you.
Liu Zhu.
The first time we met,
I was drawn to you.
My dad noticed.
Otherwise, even with Mr. Hu's word,
my dad wouldn't have hired you.
So, the hiring
was just to find you a wife?
Don't let that get out.
Not good.
Zhu,
this is
my first job.
Anyway,
I'm grateful
to you two
for hiring me.
Don't mention it.
You're our family...
However,
I need to be clear with you.
I'm not interested in dating
or getting married.
Got it?
No.
My dad
wants to talk to you.
Maybe you chat with him?
Freshly brewed.
In our village,
our Lius
are the cream of the crop.
Five tiled-roof rooms,
pigs, cattle,
and two donkeys.
Last year,
we bought a tractor.
Haven't had a chance to drive it yet.
This canteen
is mine
in name only.
In fact,
every penny goes to Zhu.
Liu,
I don't want to date.
Zhu has always
been with me.
Never really been out.
He means no harm,
but he's stingy.
He's saved every last penny
he's ever earned.
It should be
tens of thousands.
I don't want to date.
If you
marry him,
you'll manage the family and money.
I'm getting old.
Don't want to work anymore.
I'll return home
and stay with his mom,
waiting for
a grandchild.
Liu!
I said I don't wanna date.
Do you think
Zhu is not worthy of you?
You're from
the mountains, aren't you?
Though you were a college girl,
you're not something special.
I don't think I'm anything special.
If not being with Liu Zhu
means I can't
work here,
just say it
and take me to Personnel.
I'll cooperate.
Have some fish.
Potatoes?
Didn't you say
she's from the mountains?
Why is she the mayor's daughter now?
The mayor is her adoptive father.
She said so herself.
Don't you know what an adoptive father is?
Her mother
was a principal.
You think you could marry
such a high-born woman?
Who do you think
you are?
Come on.
No one is supporting her.
Or the mayor
wouldn't let her work here.
Anyway, she's out of your league.
Shame on you.
And you tried to force her?
If she presses charges,
you're going to jail!
I've never been
so humiliated!
I must give you a good lesson!
Dad!
Don't run!
I'll...
Dad!
No!
Hao Qianqian,
how does Liu know that?
I told him.
Or Liu Zhu
wouldn't give up.
So nosy.
You're blaming me?
What? You regret it?
Then I'll go tell him
you like Liu Zhu.
Hao Qianqian,
Wanzhi
told us
to keep it secret.
You forgot that?
Spill it again, and you're done.
Come on!
You two are the best friends now?
And wanna kick me out?
No way.
Wait for me!
What's the rush?
I'll bring you some food.
What does that mean?
Liu rearranged it
to target you.
Qian and I
switch off on purchasing.
And we
share the cutting.
The hard work all falls on you!
It's not targeting me.
I told him I get carsick.
And knife work is a skill.
I can't do it.
Still not fair.
I'll talk to Liu.
Li Juan!
We barely
put this behind us.
Let it go.
Wanzhi,
you never
take things lying down.
You used that idiom well.
Talking to you every day.
I'm just picking it up.
I'm not taking things lying down.
This is
my first job.
I want to finish it smoothly.
Well, fine.
Juan, Wanzhi.
Come here.
I want to say something.
What's it?
Just come.
You're such a handful.
Say it.
What's up?
How about
we resign together?
We could form
a singing group.
I already thought of a name.
Workers' Friends.
We could sing at food stalls,
fancy places,
or nightclubs.
We could make more money.
If we get famous,
we could be on TV
and even make an album.
You're never grounded.
The canteen is fine.
If I had to
dress up to busk
and Mr. Zhou knew,
he would be angry.
Those few days, I was so scared
I'd run into his comrades.
No ambition.
Li Juan, don't think like that.
Not busking.
It's artistic performance.
But, Qian,
we have a year-end bonus.
Forgot that?
Besides,
if we resigned together,
the canteen would collapse.
Liu is a kind man.
We shouldn't screw him over.
He's taking revenge.
And you're defending him?
It's not revenge.
He just cares about his son.
It's normal.
Wanzhi is broad-minded.
Not like you.
Anyway,
it's a good idea.
But I can't sing.
And Li Juan is not a pro.
We can do it occasionally.
If we really formed a group,
it'd be very hard to make it.
But Liu plans
to find Liu Zhu a wife
after the Spring Festival.
And he
will not run the canteen.
Time to think about
our next step.
Whatever happens,
you two have to
take me with you.
Don't dump me.
Fine!
Pinkies.